Update rate-limiting.mdx (#1212)
getsentry/develop: src/docs/sdk/rate-limiting.mdx

    While these categories might look similar to the [envelope item types](/sdk/envelopes/#data-model), they are not identical, and have slight differences.
- `scope`: The scope that this limit applies to. Can be ignored by SDKs.
- `reason_code`: A unique identifier for the quota hinting at the rate limiting reason. Can be ignored by SDKs.

> - `namespaces`: Semicolon-separated list of metric namespace identifiers. This will only be present if the rate limit applies to the `metric_bucket` data category. If the namespace is not present, the back off applies to all metrics.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `namespaces`: Semicolon-separated list of metric namespace identifiers. This will only be present if the rate limit applies to the `metric_bucket` data category. If the namespace is not present, the backoff applies to all metrics.
```
